fix: added index.md file to /extensions to fix unexpected 404 (#2901)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/reference/extensions/index.md

---
title: 'Overview' 
weight: 10
---

## What's an extension?

> Extension is a mechanism in AsyncAPI that enables you to add custom fields to AsyncAPI document. You can define your own extensions, use them only for your use case inside your company. You can also share your extensions with others. This way an extension that is adopted by others can one day become core part of AsyncAPI specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extension is a mechanism in AsyncAPI that enables you to add custom fields to an AsyncAPI document. You can define your own extensions or use them only for your use case inside your company. You can also share your extensions with others. This way an extension that is adopted by others can one day become a core part of the AsyncAPI specification.
```

## Usage in an AsyncAPI document

> AsyncAPI extensions are those that are preceded by `x-`, for example `x-linkedin`. They can be placed in the AsyncAPI document in locations specified by documentation of given extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI extensions are those that are preceded by `x-`. (Example: `x-linkedin`) They can be placed in the AsyncAPI document in locations specified by the documentation of a given extension.
```

## Adding your extension to the catalog

> If you'd like to add your extension to the catalog, please submit a pull request to [Extensions Catalog](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog) repository. Make sure the extension doesn't exist already, in which case it would be better to improve the existing one so everybody benefits from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to add your extension to the catalog, please submit a pull request to the [Extensions Catalog](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog) repository. Make sure the extension doesn't exist already; otherwise, it's better to improve the existing one.
```

---
title: 'Overview' 
weight: 10
---

## What's an extension?

Extension is a mechanism in AsyncAPI that enables you to add custom fields to AsyncAPI document. You can define your own extensions, use them only for your use case inside your company. You can also share your extensions with others. This way an extension that is adopted by others can one day become core part of AsyncAPI specification.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> #### Usage in an AsyncAPI document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage in an AsyncAPI document
```

---

> title: 'Extensions ' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: 'Overview' 
```

weight: 11
---

## What's an extension?

> Extensions are the mechanism AsyncAPI has to allow you use custom or protocol-specific features. Extensions follow a separate release cycle and everyone can create their own. This repository is meant to contain a list of official and community supported extensions.
> 
> > Both, JSON or YAML, are supported formats. Please, take into account that only the subset of YAML that can be translated to JSON is allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extension is a mechanism in AsyncAPI that enables you to add custom fields to AsyncAPI document. You can define your own extensions, use them only for your use case inside your company. You can also share your extensions with others. This way an extension that is adopted by others can one day become core part of AsyncAPI specification.

In AsyncAPI documentation we list community extensions defined in [Extensions Catalog](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog). Extensions from the catalog follow a separate release cycle and everyone can create them.
```

#### Usage in an AsyncAPI document

> AsyncAPI extensions are those that are preceded by `x-`, e.g., `x-twitter`. They can be placed in the AsyncAPI document in locations specified by documentation of given extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI extensions are those that are preceded by `x-`, for example `x-linkedin`. They can be placed in the AsyncAPI document in locations specified by documentation of given extension.

To learn more about extensions read [document about extending specification](/docs/concepts/asyncapi-document/extending-specification).
```

## Adding your extension to the catalog

> If you'd like to add your extension to the catalog, please submit a pull request to [asyncapi/extensions-catalog](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog) repository. Make sure the extension doesn't exist already, in which case it would be better to improve the existing one so everybody benefits from it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you'd like to add your extension to the catalog, please submit a pull request to [Extensions Catalog](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog) repository. Make sure the extension doesn't exist already, in which case it would be better to improve the existing one so everybody benefits from it. Remember to follow [contributor guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/extensions-catalog/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> ## Extending unsupported features
> 
> If you need a feature not covered by the AsyncAPI specification, you can create an extension for it. Should this extension be useful to others, consider contributing it back to the AsyncAPI community. You can do this by [opening a spec issue](https://github.com/asyncapi/spec) in the AsyncAPI GitHub repository. Before contributing, review the [AsyncAPI contribution guidelines](https://github.com/asyncapi/spec/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
> 
> 
> ## Questions?
> 
> If you have questions, please submit an issue to this repository or [join our Slack workspace](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

it is just a duplication of what we already have
